This week was kind of a lot. Emotionally, mentally, physically. I feel very drained and nervous about everything, but when don't I.

## Life 
- I had a bad relationship scare but things turned out okay. Valentine's Day was fun, but I was dreading it turning out horribly. Thankfully it turned out mundane, but I spent it more with friends.
- I have an interview scheduled for the 18th for graduate school... Super nervous but I'm trying to get my story straight and review who I even put on my preferred professors...
- I hung out with some friends for Valentine's Day. It was a lot of fun and I even made a new friend, which is something I haven't done in a while.
- I talked about some of the things I want to try and make this year. I offhandedly mentioned a visual novel idea, and it was...weird to show people my art again. I don't really feel like drawing anymore, honestly, but I probably will for my sound/visual novel... I might reread *HEARTLOVEPOWERTEMPLE* and start reading *Ciconia* for some inspiration.
- I'm not really used to getting specific praise and feedback on my art anymore. Id kind of discounted all of it and it's part of why I soft quit drawing in general, but it was nice to hear what people specifically like about it. I keep writing about it to better internalize the feeling of "I can make something, sometimes".
- Giving my master's thesis some more thought. I know already it's not going to be amazing, but it's good to have an idea down so I can hit the ground running, I think.

## Work
- I'm reaching the midpoint of my second month at my temporary job. It's been fun and interesting. I think being an intern takes some of the pressure off of me, though...like I still have time to just kind of experiment.
- Depending on what happens with graduate school, I'll probably ask for a job from my supervisor.

## Learning
- I keep doing profile studies when I draw. I'm not sure when this fixation started, but it helps a bit with wrapping my head around the skull as a 3D object. I'm going to try and get better with the torso.

## Creating
- Writing fanfic for femslash February still. I wrote [Come In](https://archiveofourown.org/works/62989942) because the steam city setting in *Puyo Puyo!! Quest* just lives in my brain.
- I made a shitty cat out of air dry clay at my friend's party. I'll probably paint it at some point.

## Reading, watching, and playing
- *Severance* is as good as ever. Though it's giving me *Code Geass* vibes where the overall setting/commentary is becoming set dressing for the character drama. Which isn't bad, but that's where it seems to be headed.
- I've been playing *In Stars and Time* at the request of my partner. ...To be honest, I wrote it off because it looked very...Tumblr. I mean this as gently as possible if insertdisc5 reads this, but I had a feeling the writing and character archetypes would just feel like Tumblr archetypes. ...To be fair: they do. I've been on Tumblr for years, so like, I'm not judging it for this. But the gameplay mechanics and execution so far are interesting. I'm looking forward to seeing where the story goes. I'll probably copy-paste my notes on the House's floor themes that I talked about to my partner into a blog post at some point.
- Haven't really been reading as much as I'd like to but I've been listening to *The Healthy Compulsive Project* podcast a lot when I'm doing chores. It helps. 

—🥀

<!-- begin wwww.htmlcommentbox.com -->
 <div id="HCB_comment_box"><a href="http://www.htmlcommentbox.com">Comment Form</a> is loading comments...</div>
 <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="https://www.htmlcommentbox.com/static/skins/bootstrap/twitter-bootstrap.css?v=0" />
 <script type="text/javascript" id="hcb"> /*<!--*/ if(!window.hcb_user){hcb_user={};} (function(){var s=document.createElement("script"), l=hcb_user.PAGE || (""+window.location).replace(/'/g,"%27"), h="https://www.htmlcommentbox.com";s.setAttribute("type","text/javascript");s.setAttribute("src", h+"/jread?page="+encodeURIComponent(l).replace("+","%2B")+"&mod=%241%24wq1rdBcg%24w9eytFO%2FEemAy9dJweexS1"+"&opts=16798&num=10&ts=1736117397573");if (typeof s!="undefined") document.getElementsByTagName("head")[0].appendChild(s);})(); /*-->*/ </script>
<!-- end www.htmlcommentbox.com -->