Your `header.md` will traditionally serve as the navigation bar for the site. It should contain links to all the pages you'd like people to visit.

This is what this site's header looks like:

<code>
<blockquote>
&lt;zone&gt;<br/>
&lt;rss-title&gt;Zoner&lt;/rss-title&gt;<br/>
&lt;rss-description&gt;This is where I write about blogging with Zoner!&lt;/rss-description&gt;<br/>
&lt;rss-link&gt;https://zone-builder.neocities.org/&lt;/rss-link&gt;<br/>
&lt;/zone&gt;<br/>
<br/>
+ [Home](./index)<br/>
+ [Archive](./archive)<br/>
+ [About](./about)<br/>
<br/>
&lt;!-- --&gt;<br/>
<br/>
+ [RSS](./feed.xml)<br/>
<br/>
---
</blockquote>
</code>

Zoner adds the `.html` at the end of links automatically, so you don't have to worry about them when writing a link. Any other file extensions, like `.xml` or an image, have to be explicit though.

A quick Markdown overview:

- `+` is for writing unordered lists.
- A link is written with the text inside of brackets and the url inside of parentheses following it `[Text](Link)`.
- - If you want to link to Zoner site files, use the syntax above, it always starts in the root directory; so linking to a post would be `./posts/date-post-name`.
- You can use html inside of your Markdown files for specialized formatting.

The `<zone>` tag is where your metadata will exist for generating an RSS feed and for appending a Disqus to your posts.

The available tags are:

- `<rss-title>`: Title of your feed. (Required for RSS)
- `<rss-description>`: Description of your blog. (Required for RSS)
- `<rss-link>`: The link to your site. (Required for RSS)
- `<rss-language>`: Defaults to 'en'.
- `<rss-ttl>`: Defaults to '1440'.
- `<disqus>`: Put your Disqus-snippet in here. (Required for Disqus)

A `<zone>` is not necessary if you don't want an RSS or Disqus.