---
layout: post.njk
permalink: "posts/{{ page.date | date: '%Y-%m-%d' }}-{{ page.fileSlug }}.html"
title: Weeknotes  005
description: Weeknotes 005
featured_image: 
tags:
  - personal
  - weeknotes
---
I don't really remember what happened this week so this is probably going to be a short-ish? weeknotes...

## Life 
* I have to resubmit some stuff to the DMV soon (annoyed) but I finally set up a time to talk to my insurance agent, so I'll have that squared away next week!
* I think I got scammed by my last dentist because they charged me $800 for a same-day onlay but my current one charged me only $400. Either way this amount of money is ridiculous. I have to go in in like 2 weeks to get the second part done.
* I had my graduate school interview! I think it could've gone better, honestly.

## Work
* Nothing new to report here, mostly just thinking about what to do going forward with some plans I have in March...mostly vacationing/travel stuff. I work remotely for the most part, though.

## Learning
* I've fallen off on learning lately and I need to go back to it. Besides my coursera stuff. I set up a flashcard thing on my portable apps USB so I can motivate myself to learn...
* Teaching myself ren'py again to make something that I'll discuss in the next section...

## Creating
* I started making a proof of concept for a visual novel I'd like to write. It'll be kinetic and linear, but I'm trying to focus on *just* finishing the prologue right now. 
* I drew the main character of this VN, their name is **Merlin!!** (they/them or she/her) Since I needed to finalize some stuff for the singular CG I'm making for this demo.

![A digital drawing of Merlin, a thin androgynous person with long hair and horns. One of their horns is chipped, and their eyes look visibly fatigued. There are two drawings of them: One where they are shirtless and there are visible black growths on their skin, and another where they are clothed in a vest.](https://i.postimg.cc/bNG9mzs3/image.png)

## Reading, watching, and playing
* I watched the third? Episode? Of *You and Idol Precure* and I cannot believe how *bad* the directing was for an episode directed by someone who directed the 36th episode of *Wonderful Precure*. It doesn't help that Nana basically doesn't exist as a person and just reflects stuff that Uta did.
* *Ave Mujica* is really good. Honestly that's my favorite episode so far, they blew the last one out of the water. I'm looking forward to seeing what else they do with Mutsumi and Mortis' relationship. I also think there's some interesting stuff being implied with Umiri...my poor obsessive-compulsive butch lesbian.
* *Severance* season 2 episode 6 is fucking ridiculous (in a good way) and Helena is, like, the most fucked up woman I've seen in such a long time. I'm obsessed with her in the way that I want to kill her but I love that she occupies this wonderfully contradictory space of being *just* empathetic enough but still deeply evil.
* I'm still playing through *In Stars and Time*. I won't put any spoilers here, but it's been interesting, basically. Again...still can't get over the tumblr-ish prose, but...it's fine. I'm in Act 3 and on my 16th loop. I want to see if I can do sub-30 loops but I think that'll be impossible with ~10 hours left in the game.

—🥀

<!-- begin wwww.htmlcommentbox.com -->
 <div id="HCB_comment_box"><a href="http://www.htmlcommentbox.com">Comment Form</a> is loading comments...</div>
 <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="https://www.htmlcommentbox.com/static/skins/bootstrap/twitter-bootstrap.css?v=0" />
 <script type="text/javascript" id="hcb"> /*<!--*/ if(!window.hcb_user){hcb_user={};} (function(){var s=document.createElement("script"), l=hcb_user.PAGE || (""+window.location).replace(/'/g,"%27"), h="https://www.htmlcommentbox.com";s.setAttribute("type","text/javascript");s.setAttribute("src", h+"/jread?page="+encodeURIComponent(l).replace("+","%2B")+"&mod=%241%24wq1rdBcg%24w9eytFO%2FEemAy9dJweexS1"+"&opts=16798&num=10&ts=1736117397573");if (typeof s!="undefined") document.getElementsByTagName("head")[0].appendChild(s);})(); /*-->*/ </script>
<!-- end www.htmlcommentbox.com -->